---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "airbyte_source_schema_catalog Data Source - terraform-provider-airbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get an Airbyte Source Schema Catalog by Source id
---

# airbyte_source_schema_catalog (Data Source)

Get an Airbyte Source Schema Catalog by Source id

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "airbyte_workspace" "test" {
  name = "test_workspace"
}

resource "airbyte_source_definition" "test" {
  name              = "test_source_definition"
  docker_repository = "eabrouwer3/airbyte-test-data-source"
  docker_image_tag  = "0.0.1"
  documentation_url = "https://github.com/eabrouwer3/airbyte-test-data-source"
}

resource "airbyte_source" "test" {
  definition_id            = airbyte_source_definition.test.id
  workspace_id             = airbyte_workspace.test.id
  name                     = "test_source"
  connection_configuration = jsonencode({})
}

# Get schema catalog for the source above
data "airbyte_source_schema_catalog" "test" {
  source_id = airbyte_source.test.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `source_id` (String) Source to get the schema for

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique ID - Force to always get a new version
- `sync_catalog` (Attributes List) Describes the available schema (catalog). Each stream is split in two parts; the immutable schema from source and mutable configuration for destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_catalog))

<a id="nestedatt--sync_catalog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_catalog`

Read-Only:

- `destination_config` (Attributes) The mutable part of the stream to configure the destination (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_catalog--destination_config))
- `source_schema` (Attributes) The immutable schema defined by the source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--sync_catalog--source_schema))

<a id="nestedatt--sync_catalog--destination_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_catalog.destination_config`

Read-Only:

- `alias_name` (String) Alias name to the stream to be used in the destination
- `cursor_field` (List of String) Path to the field that will be used to determine if a record is new or modified since the last sync. This field is REQUIRED if `sync_mode` is `incremental`. Otherwise it is ignored.
- `destination_sync_mode` (String) Allowed Values: 'append' | 'overwrite' | 'append_dedup'
- `primary_key` (List of List of String) Paths to the fields that will be used as primary key. This field is REQUIRED if `destination_sync_mode` is `*_dedup`. Otherwise it is ignored.
- `selected` (Boolean) Whether this config is selected i.e. should be synced
- `sync_mode` (String) Allowed Values: 'full_refresh' | 'incremental'


<a id="nestedatt--sync_catalog--source_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sync_catalog.source_schema`

Read-Only:

- `default_cursor_field` (List of String) Path to the field that will be used to determine if a record is new or modified since the last sync. If not provided by the source, the end user will have to specify the comparable themselves.
- `json_schema` (String) Stream schema using json Schema specs
- `name` (String) Stream's name
- `namespace` (String) Optional Source-defined namespace. Airbyte streams from the same sources should have the same namespace. Currently only used by JDBC destinations to determine what schema to write to.
- `source_defined_cursor` (Boolean) If the source defines the cursor field, then any other cursor field inputs will be ignored. If it does not, either the user_provided one is used, or the default one is used as a backup.
- `source_defined_primary_key` (List of List of String) If the source defines the primary key, paths to the fields that will be used as a primary key. If not provided by the source, the end user will have to specify the primary key themselves.
- `supported_sync_modes` (List of String) Allowed Values: 'full_refresh' | 'incremental'


